Update README with Supported Features section (#617)
NethermindEth/juno: README.md

Before running the docker run command, please ensure that the directory `/home/juno` exists on your local machine.

## ✔ Supported Features

> - Starknet state construction and storage using a path based Merkle Patricia trie.
> - Pedersen and starknet_keccak hash implementation over starknet field.
> - Feeder gateway synchronisation of Blocks, Transaction, Receipts, State Update and Classes.
> - Block and Transaction hash verification.
> - JSON-RPC endpoints:
>   - `starknet_chainId`
>   - `starknet_blockNumber`
>   - `starknet_blockHashAndNumber`
>   - `starknet_getBlockWithTxHashes`
>   - `starknet_getBlockWithTxs`
>   - `starknet_getTransactionByHash`
>   - `starknet_getTransactionReceipt`
>   - `starknet_getBlockTransactionCount`
>   - `starknet_getTransactionByBlockIdAndIndex`
>   - `starknet_getStateUpdate`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Starknet state construction and storage using a path-based Merkle Patricia trie. 
- Pedersen and `starknet_keccak` hash implementation over starknet field.
- Feeder gateway synchronisation of Blocks, Transactions, Receipts, State Updates and Classes.
- Block and Transaction hash verification.
- JSON-RPC Endpoints:
  - `starknet_chainId`
  - `starknet_blockNumber`
  - `starknet_blockHashAndNumber`
  - `starknet_getBlockWithTxHashes`
  - `starknet_getBlockWithTxs`
  - `starknet_getTransactionByHash`
  - `starknet_getTransactionReceipt`
  - `starknet_getBlockTransactionCount`
  - `starknet_getTransactionByBlockIdAndIndex`
  - `starknet_getStateUpdate`
```
